因为后面四章节我们professor并没有给我们布置作业，所以这里我记录下了一些题目供参考

------

### 1.

We roll 1000 dice and add up the values. Estimate the probability that the sum is at least 3600 (Ans $\approx 0.03$)

### 2.

$$
X \sim f(x;\theta) = \begin{cases}\theta x^{\theta - 1} \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ 0 < x < 1 \\
0 \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \ \  \ \ \ \ otherwise \end{cases}
$$

 $X_{1}, X_{2},\cdots, X_{n}$ is a simple random sample from $X$. Find the MLEstimate of $\theta$ 

### 3.

$$
X \sim N(0, \sigma^{2})
$$

 $X_{1},\cdots, X_{n}$ is a simple random sample from $X$. Find the MLEstimate of $\sigma^{2}$

### 4.

$$
X \sim N(0, 3^{2}), Y \sim N(0,3^2)
$$

 $X$ and $Y$ are independent

 $X_{1}, \cdots, X_{9}$ is a simple random sample from $X$

 $Y_{1},\cdots, Y_{9}$ is a simple random sample from $Y$ 
$$
\frac{a}{\sqrt{\sum_{i=1}^{9}Y_{i}^2}} \cdot \sum_{i=1}^{9}X_{i}\sim t(b)
$$
Find $a$ and $b$ 

### 5.

A disgruntled customer complained to a candy bar company that although the label weight of the candy bar was 58.7 grams, it actually weighed less. The company claims that the weights of the candy bars follow a normal distribution with mean $\mu$ = 58.7 grams and standard deviation $\sigma$ = 0.5 grams.

1. Assuming the company’s claim is true, what is the probability that a given candy bar will weigh less than 58 grams?

2. The customer bought 20 candy bars. Find the probability that the average weight was less than 58.5 grams

3. Suppose that the customer’s 20 candy bars had an average weight of 58.5 grams. Do a hypothesis test to determine if his claim that the average is less than 58.7 grams is valid. State the null and alternate hypothesis. Use a significance level of $\alpha$ = 0.05 and clearly state your conclusion.

### 6. 

The number $\Theta$ of shopping carts in a store is uniformly distributed between 1 and 100. Carts are sequentially numbered between 1 and  $\Theta$. You enter the store, observe the number $X$ on the first cart you encounter, assumed uniformly distributed over the range 1, ...,  $\Theta$, and use this information to estimate  $\Theta$. Find the MAP estimate and the LMS estimate.